Hey hi guys, I just saw your prototype and super impressed. It's just too much to perfection honestly and I just love it. how it's, you know, built and it almost looks like something ready to be used. So that's good job, great job there. Uh, I'll start with some small feedbacks and my biggest feedback then. So start setup, uh, versus sign in. Why do you have a different experience for users? Like Sign in also, ideally if you add at the end of the day, it should be reusable component. So start setup and sign in in my opinion should be the same thing. Uh, it's at the end of the day redirection. So registration and sign now always have a same kind of look and feel. Uh, then I, you know, created my brand kit and did a lot of things and, you know, great work there. I think what is not working or coming out well is what I will talk about. So, I think how the LinkedIn posting part or now like from here on how will my content, you know, get generated? Like I'm a user who has come in and what's my new brief? How will content generation work? I know because right now you're tying it back to an actual email ID and if my queue has nothing, you really cannot generate. Uh, but I wanted to see like how will that journey also look like. Right now I'm not able to replicate that. That the journey of content creation which is going to pick from my inbox to posting it. Right now that is not coming out and it could be because of how my inbox is not configured, but I want to if you can record a video with dummy data or something. So that's what I want to see actually. Uh, and how are you actually going to read that from an email? That's where, uh, like it is actually going to make a lot of sense that how do you read from emails, uh, input and generate basis the brand kit. And then even post it on the preferred channel. So that's something I want to look. And last one, your one of your major forte is to connect to LinkedIn, right? Or right from the platform. They are choosing. Uh, but when I was setting up my brand kit, I think at the same time itself, you, so you had my workspace integration, you had my profile linkage. Now you know my inbox, you know my content preferences, then why are you not connecting to LinkedIn also at the same time? Uh, I know the journey can get big, but you can always have an option to skip later and then you tell people that where, you know, when they're also live, how do you make them sure that if you have to post your content, You have to have this one-time setup done. So I think that's one more part. And, uh, in your settings page, there are two things called AI status, which is like, uh, I don't know what it is doing. what it is for like I think those details can I know what it is trying to do but again it could be built in a different way because you don't want to take the essence of settings settings and my opinion it's all your integrations of different modes and channels. So I don't feel so that should sit there, same for security. Um, so that's on the intuitive part and my last is on how do you make this look like or the problem statement which you just started. The AI fluency part. So how do you kind of with your coming soon also, okay, in your integrations or your having a new tab called integrations where you can also try to. make more plug and plays like, uh, like N10 or something. That is I think something where you have to add that section because that's that's what completes this MVP in a way. Uh, and I'm not sure the LinkedIn integration what you have done here. It asks me to connect to my LinkedIn. Okay, what after that? Because I don't know if you have to post to a business account. Is this a way you can? So, I am in dirt of data. I would want you to record these flows for me from getting a brief in my inbox to generation of content adhering to my brand kit and my guidelines which has been given as per the campaign chosen and how is the posting happening. to a business account. So that's how our storytelling will also pave from there. Uh, yeah, and my last feedback would be on the integrations which could tell you about the AI fluency. Um, and maybe in your landing page, just to, you know, get a hook. I feel you should also add, okay, there is like one, one workspace that remembers every brand. What does this do for you? Like what is the from into? From as in like, you know, if you are right now in 10 tools, right now it will be one tool. What would be the average time saved? Some kind of that hook which would, you know, get people. And that will also be your like a value statement or your value brief that, you know, why are this? This is the amount of time, productivity savings we do for you when you pitch this to brands. So I think if you can add something of that flavor, because at the end of the day you should also know that. Building this versus existing solution, are you actually even adding value in the market? So yeah, that's all my feedback. So let me know, I'm not commenting on small UI changes, fixes because I think Aditya you mentioned that. It requires some fixes, so I'm not going there. I'm only commenting from a functionality perspective, and I have checked it over my Mac, not on mobile, so I don't know how it would work there. Um, and